[title]: # (3.0)
[tags]: # (scim)
[priority]: # (30097)
# 3.0 Release Notes

## Upgrade and installation notes

* The newly created SCIM Installer will upgrade the previous SCIM installer from 2.0 to 3.0.
* The new installer has added Flexibility for installation. i.e. the user can customize the installer.
* The user has the choice to install SCIMConnector as a new website or use the default website in IIS.
* You can now create a new self-signed certificate for the new website option if the certificate is not available.
* If a new certificate is created then it will create .pfx and .cer file in %TEMP% directory and password required to import the certificate(using .pfx file) will stored under installation directory(e.g C:\inetpub\wwwroot\SCIMCoonector\scimCertPWD.txt). 
The backup of Web.config and settings.enc file has been taken to retain the user's previous settings of SCIM endpoints.

## Enhancements

__Logging__

* Enhanced the logging mechanism to log every error and write the error message we receive from Secret Server. The existing logs were are not descriptive enough and didn't report every error in the logs files. Now for every call that is made will be logged as a response and the text that is received from Secret Server.

__API__

* When a filter is included in the API call and the filter includes a complex object if the sender does not identify the complex object identifier, assume the identifier is .value. For instance, in the filter string, a query for containers should include the complex object identifier (e.g container.name, container.value, etc...) When a call does not include the identifier, assume the identifier is ".value"  (e.g. container eq 1 will assumed to be container.value eq 1).

* When a container parent value comes empty or null in the API call of post container then assume the value is "-1" that is the default is the root level folder. Without a default, the folder doesn't get created, so adding a default.

__UI__

* Removed the "requirement" to create a workflow while adding an application account to SCIM.
* The GUI of the Advanced Tab has been updated.
* The Secret Server URL field has been changed to a drop-down to select Secret Server on the login page of SCIM.
* A progress indicator/ spinner has been added while retrieving endpoints from Secret Server and while logging into SCIM.

## Bug Fixes

* SCIM Connector now enforces https when logging in. If a user attempts to browse to SCIM Connector with HTTP, SCIM Connector will automatically redirect the URL to https.
* SCIM will now wrap IF statements within brackets {}.
* The "Parent" attribute has been added to the schema of the container.
* The issue where the alignment of the sign-in button was getting distorted when there was a long error message.
* The issue where the Password field in the setting tab was showing a dummy password has been fixed.
* The issue where a SubFolder was not being created in Secret Server through the POST container API calls, if there is any folder with the same name available at the root level has been fixed.
* The issue where the Username was not getting properly displayed in the profile menu on the top right corner of the home page has been fixed.
* A user can now press the enter key to save the Secret Sever tab in SCIM.
The issue where the Indicator/ spinner not being displayed when clicking on the endpoints tab in SCIM Connector has been fixed.
* The issue to restrict creating endpoints of the same name has been fixed.
* The issue to delete permission mapping from the grid list on the advanced tab has been fixed.
* The issue to login into SCIM with IE has been fixed.
* The issue to add a scrollbar to the permission grid list on the advanced tab has been fixed.
